Kyaml placeholder (#52583)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/kubectl/kyaml.md

---
title: KYAML Support
content_type: concept
weight: 40
math: true
---

<!-- overview -->
The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="kubectl" text="kubectl" >}} tool supports KYAML  as an output format.

<!-- body -->

> **KYAML** is a safer, less ambiguous subset of YAML, introduced in **Kubernetes 1.34 (alpha)**. Designed specifically for Kubernetes, KYAML addresses common YAML pitfalls such as whitespace sensitivity and implicit type coercion—while maintaining full compatibility with existing YAML parsers and tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**KYAML** is a safer, less ambiguous subset of YAML, initially introduced in Kubernetes v1.34, is now available by default in v1.35. Designed specifically for Kubernetes, KYAML addresses common YAML pitfalls such as whitespace sensitivity and implicit type coercion—while maintaining full compatibility with existing YAML parsers and tooling.
```

Reviewer: I'd also add that for those interested in all the details they should read the KEP: https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-cli/5295-kyaml/README.md
